# Sudoku Genetic Algorithm
## Initialization

 - **Initial Population:** The initial population is generated by randomly filling each block in the Sudoku board with unique numbers.

 ## Fitness Calculation

 - **Fitness Function:** The fitness of an individual is calculated as the number of errors in the Sudoku board.

 ## Population Generation

 - **Elitism:** A percentage of the new population is generated from the fittest individuals, determined by the `elite_selection_rate` in `GAConfig`.
 - **Random Selection:** Another percentage of the new population is generated from randomly chosen individuals, based on the `random_selection_rate` in `GAConfig`.
 - **Crossover:** The rest of the new population is generated as offspring from the crossover of random pairs of individuals, selected using the tournament method.

 ## Tournament Selection

 - **Tournament Participants:** Participants for the tournament are randomly selected from the population. The number of participants is defined by the `tournament_size` in `GAConfig`.
 - **Selection Pressure:** The likelihood of the fittest participant winning is determined by the `tournament_selection_pressure` in `GAConfig`.

 ## Crossover

Crossover strategies:
 - One crossover point, randomly chosen. All blocks before the point are taken from first parent, all blocks after the point are taken from second parent. At least one block from each parent.
 - Multiple crossover points, generated by choosing:
    - random number `m` of blocks to take from the first parent;
    - `m` block idices;
    
    To build the child iterate over blocks, if previously selected indices contain currents block index, then this block is taken from the first parent otherwise it comes from the second parent.
 - Selecting crossover points based on fitness of parents:
    - obtain scores for each of three rows that constitute three blocks of parents,
    - blocks with the lowest error are then inherited by child,
    - same method is then used for columns of parents columns.

 ## Mutation

 - **Mutation Rate:** The new population is further modified by applying mutations to some individuals. The likelihood of an individual being mutated is determined by the `mutation_rate` in `GAConfig`.
